ug: cp: Add doc on OE-builtin preloading (#389)
foundriesio/docs: source/user-guide/container-preloading/container-preloading.rst

         enabled: true
         app_type: <restorable|compose>
         shortlist: "shellhttpd"
         oe_builtin: <true|false>

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Looks like a extra newline?

- ``enabled`` -  Whether to produce an archive containing docker images as part of a container build trigger.
- ``shortlist`` - Defines the list of apps to preload. All Target's apps are preloaded if it is not specified or its value is empty.
- ``app_type`` - Defines a type of Apps to preload.
  If an option is not defined or set to an empty value, the ``app_type``  preload will depend on the LmP version. If the LmP version is equal to or higher than **v85**, then `restorable` type is preloaded, otherwise `compose` type.
  See :ref:`ug-restorable-apps` for more details on Restorable Apps.

> - ``oe_builtin`` - Defines a way to accomplish Apps preloading. If the option is not defined or set to `false` (by default),

Author: I'd add just "does not work with advanced tagging" since `serious caveats` sounds like it almost does not work while it works in 99% cases.

> - ``oe_builtin`` - Defines a way to accomplish Apps preloading. If the option is not defined or set to `false` (by default),

Author: I added comment about the advanced tagging cases.

> - ``oe_builtin`` - Defines a way to accomplish Apps preloading. If the option is not defined or set to `false` (by default),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``oe_builtin`` - Defines a way to accomplish preloading Apps. If the option is not defined or set to `false` (by default),
```

>   then Apps are preloaded by the `assemble` run of a LmP CI build. Otherwise, if set to `true`, Apps are preloaded during an OE build CI run.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  then Apps are preloaded by the `assemble` run of a LmP CI build. Otherwise, Apps are preloaded during an OE build CI run.
```

Author: updated.

>   In this case, rootfs as well as a system image produced by the run includes preloaded Apps. Only `Restorable` type of Apps (default) are supported
>   by the OE builtin preloader. This option does not work with some of the advanced tagging cases, e.g. in the case of multiple container builds using the same platform (see :ref:`ref-advanced-tagging` for more details).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In this case, rootfs and a system image produced by the run includes preloaded Apps.
  Only `Restorable` Apps (default) are supported by the OE builtin preloader.
  This option does not work for some advanced tagging cases,
  e.g. in the case of multiple container builds using the same platform (see :ref:`ref-advanced-tagging` for more details).
```

     Hello world

Testing Preloaded Restorable Apps
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

On your device, switch to root and list the files in the folder
``/var/sota/reset-apps``.

.. prompt:: bash device:~$

    sudo su
    ls /var/sota/reset-apps/apps

> Preloaded Restorable Apps should be listed in the output provided that the preloading was successful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Preloaded Restorable Apps should be listed in the output, provided that the preloading was successful.
```
